com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/ActivityMidtermSurveyBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.ActivityMidtermSurveyBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDailyDecisionsBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDailyDecisionsBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentIotExplainBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentIotExplainBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaShowBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaShowBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentIntroFinalBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentIntroFinalBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentMovementTestingBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentMovementTestingBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaResultBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaResultBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaAdjustmentBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaAdjustmentBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDecisionPanelBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDecisionPanelBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentAssistantChoiceBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentAssistantChoiceBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentIntroFinalBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentIntroFinalBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaQuestionsBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaQuestionsBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentIotQuestionsBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentIotQuestionsBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.BuildConfig
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDevModeBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDevModeBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentSharedPrefViewerBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentSharedPrefViewerBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDevModeBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDevModeBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentIotQuestionsBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentIotQuestionsBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentMovementTestingBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentMovementTestingBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/BR.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.BR
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentLikertQuestionsBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentLikertQuestionsBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonQuestionsBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonQuestionsBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonQuestionsBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonQuestionsBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDecisionPanelBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDecisionPanelBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDecisionMakingBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDecisionMakingBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaQuestionsBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaQuestionsBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDailyDecisionsBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDailyDecisionsBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaAdjustmentBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaAdjustmentBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentAssistantChoiceBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentAssistantChoiceBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/ActivityLocationIndicationBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.ActivityLocationIndicationBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaShowBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaShowBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentIotExplainBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentIotExplainBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentPersonaResultBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentPersonaResultBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/ActivityLocationIndicationBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.ActivityLocationIndicationBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/ActivityMidtermSurveyBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.ActivityMidtermSurveyBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentDecisionMakingBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentDecisionMakingBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentLikertQuestionsBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentLikertQuestionsBinding
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentSharedPrefViewerBindingImpl.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentSharedPrefViewerBindingImpl
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/philk7/ppaprojectapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.philk7.ppaprojectapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
